In the last lecture we wrote a custom comment callback for the wp_list_comments() function.
But then we found out that we have a problem that whenever we change attributes in the wp_list_comments() function
that will not affect comments or comments callback because we haven't taken these arguments into consideration
while coding the comments callback. So now for example if some child theme developer needs to override the comments
template and he call this function with our callback but different arguments here it won't work as
expected.
So first let's take care of the "avatar_size".
So here we hardcore the avatar to 200.
So we have to do is just get the avatar from the arguments. And we get the arguments of the wp_list_comments()
function in this parameter here. So let's call "$args['avatar_size']" but also we don't need to
call get_avatar() if the avatar size is zero.
Right?
If the avatar size is zero that means that the user doesn't need the avatar. So let's write an if condition
here.
And if the $args and the avatar_size in the $args is equals to or is not equals 0, we will echo
get_avatar(). Otherwise we won't do anything.
So you probably know if the if condition body is just one line.
We don't have to add the .
So this will be fine.
So let's now try and change this to 0.
And now the avatar disappears. Let's make it 50.
So it's actually 50 but in my styling I limit the width and height.
So I think that's not a best practice also.
You need to style your avatar better than I did here.
You shouldn't explicitly add width and height for the avatar. You should let the user define it.
But anyways let's move to the Reply text. So the Reply text is not actually used in the comment-callback but
it's used in the comment_reply_link() function. So what we have to do is we have to also pass it from the $args.
So "reply_text" and then "$args['reply_text']".
And this way we'll have "hello". So since we past some argument here to the comment_reply_link() and we're
not sure if there is more.
Maybe there is more that we need to pass to comment_reply_link().
So maybe we can remove these and just pass all the arguments to the comments_reply_link(). So how to do that? We
can use array_merge().
And this will merge two arrays.
So we need to merge the $args.
from the wp_list_comments() function and this array that contains other arguments for the comment_reply_link().
comment_reply_link().
And let's see now and we have the "hello".
And we also have the maximum width from the $args array.
One more thing.
Here we can pass a style, an argument called "style". And this could be either UL or OL, unordered list or ordered list
or a DIV, right?
If you choose DIV you are responsible to change the ULs to
DIV. And this will basically just change instead of wrapping the comments in an LI, it will wrap it in a DIV, ok?
So let's save now and as you can see you will have some weird stuff here.
So we have the comments__list and then it's closed.
It only has one comment and it's closed.
And now we have the other comments and then we have this DIV and then another comment.
So things are got massed up here.
And that's because we specify the style to be DIV. But we're are using an LI here and we're not closing
it.
WordPress
is automatically closing it. And it's now not closing it with an LI, it's closing it with a DIV. Because
that's what we choose as style. So we need to check here first.
Let's write a variable called $tag.
And if $args and the style inside $args is equal to a "div" then the $tag will be a "div".
Otherwise it can also be an OL or a UL.
And in both cases the tag will be an "li". And what we'll have to do is just replace the "li"with "<?php" and echo the $tag.
Right?
And let's see now. And now we have our DIVs and they are all inside the comments__list as expected.
Great.
So let's get this back to the default which is a UL and
one final thing.
Let's search here for "pingbacks".
So we have some common types that are called Pingbacks and Trackbacks. And pingbacks and trackbacks are I think a way
to for two blocks to mention each other or something like that.
But anyways they will look like a normal comment with a title and the body and a date. And you won't
have to do anything about them except that the wp_list_comments() function.
It takes an argument called "short_pings" and what this is supposed to do.
If it's "true" it's just supposed to make this pingback shorter.
It should just display the title and ignore the content. So what you can do is.
I'm sorry it's called "short_ping" not "short_pings".
So now is what we can do is in the comment-callback.
Let's echo the comment_type property inside the $comment object.
And the comment_type will be a pingback or a trackback
in this case.
So what we can do is we can, let's copy this. And we can add an if condition here before outputting the comment_text().
So "if( )" and in this condition we need to check if it's a normal comment we need to output the comment_text().
Or if it's a trackback or a pingback but the "short_ping" argument is set to "false",
we will also need to output the comment_text(). So if the comment_type is an empty string or sorry,
or let's open () here and then open other (). So comment_type is a "pingback" or comment_type
is a "trackback". And then after these brackets and "$args['short_ping']".
So this condition means if the comment is a pingback or trackback and the argument is
or actually we need to check that "short_ping" is "false".
Then we'll output the comment_text(), ok?
So let's see now and we don't have the comment text for the short_pings and we have the comment text for the normal
comments.
Let's try and set this to "false". And we should have the comment text for the pingbacks and for the comment.
All right?
I think that was merrily all what you need to do about comments in WordPress.
So see you in the next section.